Overview 
====================

This is a simple widget is a productivity tool to help designers create localized images to quickly generate assets such as CTA’s, banners and ad units. The primary components are an AJAX app and a Photoshop script (JavaScript API) that consumes the JSON data generated by the widget.

Requirements
====================

1. A Transifex account with at least one project and one resource with multiple translations. 
2. Adobe Photoshop CS* to run script

Setup
====================
Note: Only tested with Chrome and Firefox and Photoshop for Mac

1. Copy the html file to your favorite web server, or just open it from the file system
2. Goto www.transifex.com and login
3. Open 'index.html' in a separate tab
4. Enter the project name in the first textbox, for this demo use 'localizepsd'   
Note:  If you want to use a private project and aren't sure of your project name, go back to the Transifex tab and click on your project.  You'll see the exact name in the url like this: www.transifex.com/projects/p/<my project name>   
5. Tab or select over to the dropdown tab and it should load with a list of resources (this might take awhile if you have > 200 resources).
6. Select a resource and hit the 'Get Strings' button
7. Pick a string from the list that appears, which will give you a selectable text box with a JSON of the translations
8. Fire up your Photoshop and open the included PSD file.
9. Click file > scripts > browse and select the JSX file included with this project.
10. Enter the name of the layer to localize (in this case it's 'btn-text')
11. Next it asks for the localized string, paste in the JSON from step #7

12. Watch it do all of the work for you!

License
====================
All code licensed under the MIT License.
